To think...
I, Kizuna Ai,
have finally done it!
A celebration for reaching over 1,000,000 fans!
In celebration of reaching over 1,000,000 subscribers,
a real-life event is being held!!
Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
You’ve been waiting for this, haven’t you!? Right!
Now then!
To celebrate having reached over 1,000,000 subs
I’ve decided to host a real-life event!!
Yay!
I thought that in celebration of reaching over 1,000,000 subs
there must be something we can all do together!
Right?
And this time, the one who has always been coming to my rescue,
the YouTube team
has kindly decided to collaborate with me on this,
and allowed me to hold a live event!!
I’m-
soooo…
happy!!
Huh?
You want to know what will happen at the event?
My, aren’t you eager!
We~ll!
I’ll now announce the details!
The title of the event is...
A.I. Channel Fan Event 2018!
And the date is...!
Sunday, the 18th of March!
And the location is…!
YouTube Space Tokyo!
Yes!
Info as follows!
Bam!
A.I. Channel Fan Event 2018
Date and time:
18th of March (Sun)
Opening: 5pm~ Closing:6pm~
Location:
YouTube Space Tokyo @ Roppongi
I will be sure to write this in the description, so please check it out!
So, those were the details of the event!
I have appeared in a large event
and had direct conversation
and played with all of you before, but...
in any case,
this is my first time
having a real-life event
So I want all of you to come to see me!
I want to share my time with all of you!
So,
at this event,
in celebrating over 1,000,000 subs
1,000,000 people!
Well not all!
But I am inviting 100 of those! Yay!
Everyone...
You’re excited, right!?
Yes, you are!
I want to see you too!
To you there, who want to attend this event...
please do come!
The application process is easy!
Please register in the application form in the description below!
The application period is here!
“Application Period”
23rd of February (Fri) ~ 4th of March (Sun)
Until 11:59pm!!
Anyway!
Please look!!
In the description box!!
What will actually happen at the event
is still a secret~
I’m still thinking of all kinds of things for what we can do to enjoy ourselves together
So, look forward to it!
Well,
I know what you’re all thinking!
“Only 100 people can go~?”
“If you’re celebrating over 1,000,000 subscribers, invite all 1,000,000 of us!”
“As if you could!”
“Kizuna Ai-chan is so cute! ♡”
Yes, yes, yes!
I know, I know
Well...
The truth is
I really want to
invite all of you who are excited for this event!
But!
No matter what I did…!
I was told the limit must be 100 people...
This time…!
Who would…
who would have thought…!
On the very same day of the event, March the 18th
on A.I. Channel
I will be doing
a live-stream showing the contents of the event!
Yay~!
It seems some YouTube staff will be filming it for us!
Please take
cute pictures of me, yeah?
There may also be
people who live far away
or are unable to arrive to the event at their convenience
so I would be very happy if they would please view the live-stream instead!
Now!
Wrapping it up,
on the 18th of March
Make your way to YouTube Space Tokyo!
It is Kizuna AI’s first
real-life event!
So please be sure to come!
Anyway, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
Everyone, make sure you apply~!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord or AI-chan news!
https//discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles, ロリコ, Loserbait, ととと, アイマール
Timed by Loserbait